This repo is based on skeleton, which is a repo structure and Makefile written
by Michael Risbeck <risbeck@wisc.edu>, available from Bitbucket via

    git clone https://bitbucket.org/rawlings-group/skeleton

It is basically a rewrite of the old Rawlings group makefile so that all of the
intermediates get built in a subdirectory. This allows all the source files to
be kept by themselves in a clean directory, and it also allows for easy rules
in .gitignore.

Before running anything, you should run `make install`. This will run an install
script (via Python) to alert you of any other repositories or custom Python
packages that are needed for the repo.

To facilitate sharing, we have added the ability to quickly backup the .mat
files (which may be time-consuming to reproduce). To do this, use the make
target "matbackups", which will ensure all .mat files are up to date and then
save a copy of them to matbackups. The intent is that these .mat files should be
versioned so that, in a pinch, they can be used instead of having to rebuild. By
default, backed-up copies are always used (which requires someone initially to
make the files and then check them in to the repo). To build the mat files every
time instead of using the backed-up versions, either run make using

    make USE_MAT_BACKUPS=False

or, if you always want to use this setting, create a file "Makefile.options" in
the base directory and add the line

    USE_MAT_BACKUPS=False

which will always make data files instead of using backed up copies. Note that
this will only work if someone else has already run `make matbackups` and
added the files to the repos. Similar functionality is available for dia files
to solve a shape portability issue.

For plots using Python and Matplotlib, I've also written a module called
plottools that helps fix a few things and provides some convenience functions.
By default, the python script runmatplotlib.py tries to load this package and do
some initialization. To get this, clone

    hg clone https://bitbucket.org/risbeck/plottools

and follow the installation instructions there.

Note that since Make uses whitespace as a delimiter, you should avoid using
spaces in filenames throughout this repo.

